{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11120\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MAT594G - Realistic Image Synthesis (Fall 2011)\
Course Website: http://mat.ucsb.edu/594G/\
Author: RJ Duran\
Email: rjduranjr@gmail.com (rjduran@mat.ucsb.edu)\
Date: 10/11/11\
Homework: #1\
\

\b\fs28 Non-Traditional Projection Method\
\

\b0\fs24 For my non-traditional projection method I altered the image plane to exhibit a checker board style surface where (i, j) for all odd values have a z component of -0.5. All even components in the plane have a z component of 0. You can think of it like a waffle. \
\
When a ray hits the plane at an odd pixel it is hitting it at -0.5 in the z direction. This makes a dark spot for that pixel as can be seen in the video output.mpg. I spun the eye to the left and a little back in the z direction. There are some artifacts showing up in the video as a result of the translation from ppm to mpg. I didn't have time to debug this. \
\
Overall I would have liked to implement something more complex like a fisheye lens as my image plane. Maybe in the next assignment.  \
\

\b\fs28 Notes\

\fs24 \

\b0 I spent about 20+ hrs on this assignment due to some mis calculations initially. I think it was worth the time spent though. I feel that I got a lot out of it. The most time consuming part was translating the theory to code. My C++ was a little rusty. \
\
movie1.mpg is the eye moving away from the sphere.\
movie2.mpg is the non-traditional projection method. }