{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11120\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MAT594G - Realistic Image Synthesis (Fall 2011)\
Course Website: http://mat.ucsb.edu/594G/\
Author: RJ Duran\
Email: rjduranjr@gmail.com (rjduran@mat.ucsb.edu)\
Date: 10/20/11\
Homework: #2\
\

\b Writeup
\b0 \
In this homework I was able to complete:\
- Phong Shading\
- Shadow Rays\
- Reflection\
\
I was not able to complete:\
- Refraction with glass sphere\
- Refraction with Fresnel effects\
- Non-Traditional Shading Model\
\
I think the hardest part of this for me was building upon my previous code. I spent a lot of time restructuring it to make it more object oriented so I could add more objects to the scene. I also spent a lot of time trying to get the shadow rays working properly. I found it was because of how I structured my code. For the assignment I completely understand the theory, it's the implementation that takes time and reflects my weaknesses in programming. This is very helpful in becoming a better programmer. \
\
Shadow rays working can be seen in image-shadowRaysworking.jpg. \
\
I am still getting some artifacts with the shadow rays. I currently have two spheres showing with two lights. The order of the spheres is effecting the shadows. This can be seen in image-reflectionIssueProblem3.jpg. \
\
The issue can still be seen when I added a third sphere for the first part of refraction in image image-beforeaddingglasssphere.jpg. \
\
Once I added the fourth sphere (glass) I get what is shown in image-noGlass.jpg. The glass isn't added because this is how far I made it. \
\
The image-final.jpg image shows where I was when I stopped working on it. You can see that everything else is working in the background, with the exception of the shadow issue and the reflection issue from problem 3. \
\

\b Non Traditional Shading Model
\b0 \
I was not able to make it far enough to build up a different shading model. What I would like to have done was implement a fisheye type image plane with glass objects. Just ran out of time.\
\

\b\fs26 Notes
\fs24 \

\b0 I spent at least 40 hrs, maybe more, on this assignment and still didn't finish. I plan on restructuring my code to make it much easier to read and add features to before the next homework. \
\
To run my assignment just use make. Everything is in HW2.cpp. \
\
}